Hello there
Iris?
Do I know you?
What is this?
I know you're confused
but don't worry
I'll explain everything
Who are you?
My name is Kellen
And I've been looking for you
Why am I here again?
The museum?
Yes
I was here yesterday
Why am I back again?
You were at the museum
But you've never been to this place, Iris
This place?
Well, different people call it different things
But I think the best answer to that is a simple one
This is. Yesterday.
What do you mean?
One day into the past.
That's impossible.
Everything is impossible, until you experience it.
Iris, what do you know about time travel?
Truth is we've all experienced it
Time travel is every day
People spend theirs lives traveling from one day to the next.
Yesterday to today, today to tomorrow.
I mean if you think about it
Isn't living itself, essentially traveling through time.
Imagine each grain of sand as a person
This is everyone migrating from one day, to the next.
See how this space is pretty much empty now?
That's because almost everyone has moved on to the next day
Almost everyone?
That's me?
Okay, even if I did believe you.
How did I end up here? Get left behind.
It happens
Not a lot, but it happens.
So there have been others? I'm not the only one?
Everyone I've met here, has a different story.
Some people choose to live in the past.
And others can't escape their fear of the future
Some, are just simply lost.
I think I know the feeling.
Which one?
All of them.
Iris, why did you come to the museum yesterday?
I just wanted to finish our day.
It's been two years since the accident.
And they're all gone.
Mom, Dad, Alex.
Why not me?
What happened?
It was raining,
really hard that day.
And we were on our way to the museum.
This.
This museum.
And then,
out of no where
a car hits us from the side.
My dad loses control of the car and we crash.
The next thing I know, I woke up in the hospital.
And I was alone.
I came here yesterday,
to know how it could've been.
How it should've been.
I just wanted to finish our day.
I was the last thing to do before I...
*ahem* Did it. Did it help you to revisit?
They're still gone.
Nothing will change that.
And now, I'm stranded in this empty void.
You're not stranded.
That's why I'm here.
I'll get you back.
No one is ever really gone.
As long as they're remembered, they live on.
That includes your family.
Thank you.
These stairs will take you where you need to be.
Just, straight ahead?
That's it?
That's it.
There's nothing for me on the other side.
What if I stay here?
Living in yesterday won't bring you closer to your family Iris.
You will see them again.
But not with your eyes looking back.
I don't know if I can do that.
Everything is impossible, until you experience it.
We're all time travelers,
even though our paths are unique and the challenges presented.
One truth remains constant.
What's to come tomorrow?
What's left behind in yesterday?
It's all determined by what we do today.